add keyboard mmk_3 (#22569)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/mwstudio/mmk_3/readme.md

# 3Key

> ![3Key](https://imgur.com/a/qPK5GmI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![3Key](https://i.imgur.com/WuwlVknh.jpeg)
```

Support APM32F103C8T6 keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [TW59420](https://github.com/TW59420)
* Hardware Supported: APM32F103C8T6

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make mwstudio/3key:default 
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make mwstudio/3key:default:flash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make mwstudio/mmk_3:default 

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mwstudio/mmk_3:default:flash
```
